In looking through our current human condition,
to a future more steeped in love and compassion,
we cannot discount the importance of how
we bring our children into the world.
In this conversation with Sai Maa,
we discuss how we prepare for conception,
the birth of a child, and how we begin
to prepare children for their lives as sexual beings.
But first, we must understand the nature
of the infant soul force.
(light tranquil music)
Sai Maa, welcome.
Thank you. (speaks foreign language)
It's a great gift to all of us be together.
And great blessings with great love
to all of you. (speaks foreign language)
I would like to talk to you
about the children in the sense of
our raising our children in a new way
to correspond with the new light
coming into the planet, with the new possibility
for human evolution at this time.
Yet, we still raise our children in
an unconscious way that no longer works.
Can you start wherever you feel is most important
with what's important at this time and what's important
as parents when we look at educating our children?
Absolutely. It's a great question and it's a question
that all parents right now are to be aware of.
First, I will suggest that whoever wish
to carry a child, prepare themself.
Prepare their consciousness, prepare their body,
as these coming children are different frequencies.
They are bringing a different frequency in their DNA.
They come with a rememberence of who they are.
They may just say, at the age of one
or one and a half or two, "I am God."
What do the parents do with that?
So, to be able to carry a child right now
and to be able to educate a child right now,
one is to be in a different consciousness,
one has to really be on a spiritual path.
As these children are coming with the essence
of spirit in the body, they manifest,
they manifest the, what we read in scriptures
into their everyday life.
The school doesn't fit them anymore,
the old pattern, the old system.
Every children, for instance, children
are ready to say, and will ask their parents right now,
"So you say God. What is God? Who is God?"
What can the parents answer?
So, the first thing is to for all parents
to realize that they are energy.
God is energy. Everything is about energy.
Do we raise its frequency, do we lower it frequency?
It's all about energy.
And I will say, do not see a small child,
physical body size
as an uneducated
human being, but see an evolved soul
into a physical body.
Meaning, don't baby them as most people do.
They have a great maturity, probably
sometime more than the parents.
Very true. And let me ask this,
almost conversely, which is, if a parent chooses
to develop their consciousness, and we'll talk about
some of the preparation that you would recommend also.
If they choose to prepare themselves and bring
this consciousness forward in preparation of conception,
would it be fair to say that that is a desirable mother
and father for a being of this nature to come through?
That these beings who are choosing to incarnate
will choose a more conscious possibility?
Is that fair to say? Or were--
Sure, sure.
I mean, rather
than just trying to pop through
any circumstance that doesn't support this?
This is a very important point,
as most women that I've come across,
mostly in the west, they want a child.
It's not about creating a consciousness.
"I want a child, I don't want to be alone anymore,
and I know I won't be married."
It's not about wanting a child.
Stop the wanting, create, co-create.
And it's such an important thing for a child
to have both, both parents there, role models.
And for that, the mother or the father or the bearer
of the child, has to really be in a different consciousness.
Let's talk about how
one prepares themselves for conscious conception.
First, the physical body.
Make sure the body is not a weak body.
Make sure it's a strong body.
Eat consciously, eat alive food,
listen to sound that uplift the body's cells,
memories, lift the blood cells,
make sure that the liver, the uterus,
the ovaries are healthy, meaning a healthy body.
Then, be aware of the mind.
What kind of thoughts do I have?
Am I still afraid, am I still in my own
umbilical cord with my own mother
with all the mothers of my mother?
And that I'm not connecting with the store room
of my grand great mother, mother.
Bringing that to the cord for the child,
the embryo let's say, not the child but the embryo.
Go to that place where we release any fear
that comes up because whatever
is inside of us is connected with our own energy.
So, do we wish to pull the fear of our mother,
grandmother, great-grandmother in ourself
and go into the embryo, or do we choose
to be more free and give a different energy
and create a different energy when this consciousness
enter our womb,
so to say.
And we'll assume that
during the process of gestation,
the same principles apply.
Same!
So, it's the same.
And now this being has made its entrance
into the world and we tend to think of this,
"Of course this being can't do much
"to support themselves at this time."
But, how do you begin relating to the baby
from this point forward, once it's into the world?
First, realize when it's in the womb,
it's not your child, it's not a possession,
doesn't belongs to you.
You have no control over that energy.
This energy belongs to the creation.
You're here as a custodian to support the energy
to do this, to blossom, to be mature.
That's a very important word and energy, to be mature,
because most babies in this country are creating babies,
so maturity is lacking.
And you can be a baby
creating a baby even if you're 40 years old.
Absolutely, if there's no maturity.
So, maturity is very important and take responsibilities.
So, be clear, be clean, I will even suggest now,
I just read an article recently from Sweden
about how in America many, mostly girls and women,
and they talk of a girl of nine years old,
who are having big breasts, due to animal hormones
in the meat, in the eggs, in the chicken
and now in
Dairy.
private fish, and in dairy.
So, to be aware not to bring these
animal, these artificial hormones in the body.
And again, see this is as a creator
that you created, but doesn't belongs to you.
That's mostly important, no possessiveness.
Now, the child has,
you've done a good job and through the years,
it's been exposed to all the proper influences
and now reaches school age and we have
a completely decrepit school
Verbal.
system. So now, what do we do
with our children?
Before even we go
to the school place--
And let's assume we're talking
about these children that have already come in--
Absolutely.
with awareness.
Absolutely. Now, most children will have
a higher frequency consciousness
than their parents, 99%.
Before going to school, I will really say
an emphasis on that the parents
in our culture it says our parents are our gurus.
Educate the children at home before they go to school.
Learn, parents are to learn how to communicate with children
because most children, what I found out mostly
when I was a therapist, is they express themself.
"Do this, do that, don't do this, don't do that."
Uh-uh. "I request you to do this."
The child hear, "Oh."
And most parents has a tendency to say
to their children, "Mom is coming back.
"Dad is coming back," while talking of themself.
Do not talk to a child in the third person.
Direct communication.
"I am leaving for work. I'll take you to school
"and whoever, or myself, will come and get you."
Communication is a big thing.
What about the actual
systems themselves, because the school systems
no longer support creativity and--
We all know that.
So now, what are,
let's look at some of the alternatives
that you have seen or witnessed--
And, which work?
And that work.
Yes. In Europe, in Canada, and some schools here,
they are private, unfortunately,
so people has to be able to afford this
this place to go to school,
it creativity at a whole level.
Look at the child with the spirit of the child, not only
the intellect, not only one half of the brain,
but a balance with both brain, the emotional
energy, creativity, tenderness, sweetness,
love, with the intellect, built both.
And what about the notion
of homeschooling, of bypassing the systems all together?
I found out that parents who homeschool
their own children, it's very difficult
for the mother to keep the discipline.
The phone rings, the mother goes and answer the phone,
something happen, the grandmother call, there's an issue.
The child go through all of this.
I agree with homeschool.
In Montreal, what I worked with was
bring different mothers and hire teachers
from outside to come to one place
where all the children go together.
Not just direct mother at home
because there's no discipline.
You get up and we start school at 10.
99% of the mothers, it's hard for them to do this.
Right. Well this makes sense, though.
To have collectives where you have
a collective of mothers and a home large enough
to take maybe eight or ten children together.
Yes, yes, yes, and hire outsiders.
And hire outsiders.
Who, and it can be somebody who is not a mother
because discipline is number one to get
a mature human being and mothers
are very, it's very difficult for mothers to give
discipline to their own children with timing.
"We finish at 12:30, have lunch,
have a little nap, and start school again."
Yes, it is. And even so,
mothers are perfectly capable of teaching
a good number of subjects, along with their children,
if they choose to and can create the discipline.
But as you say, perhaps to collectively pay
to bring in an outsider to do these
lessons.
And a teacher.
And a teacher, yes, exactly.
Who is into science, who is into computer,
who is into medical, who is into organs of the body,
which mothers, many mothers don't know.
That is true.
History, you know.
Now, let's look at the subjects
beyond the classics and let's look at the
art of painting, of dancing, of music, and these things.
All this is possible, start at a young age
and give a variety to all the children.
And let them, perhaps,
demonstrate what their interests are,
and then start following them and creating
for them, with them, co-creating their education.
It makes more sense, yes.
Okay, now the children have made it through
those early years and they're in their pubescent times
and now they're going into the early teens,
and we're starting to look at the sexuality.
In our culture today, one of the greatest
phenomenons happening, shockingly,
is for high school graduation, parents are giving
their daughters the elective surgery of breast augmentation.
Oh, please don't take me there.
No, I'm taking you there. (giggles)
No, no. We cancel this, that is for me, no.
But this is--
I'm not going to go to that. Leave it, please.
(giggles) We don't have to go into that.
I'm bringing that up because I think we feel the same way.
This is beyond unconscionable that this
is how we're to present ourselves to the world.
It's all about sex in this country.
It's all about sex.
It's all about the body, so I'm not
going to go into that with you.
So, let's go--
And recently, I'll tell you what I heard
that really bring a terrible energy into me.
Doctors of this country, I don't know whether
you're aware of that doctors of this country
are saying, "Well, when we see a child, a boy child,
"want to wear a dress, want to wear like girl's things?
"We have to take them to the doctor
"and have organ surgery."
You are kidding.
I mean, and we're talking
I have not heard
of five years old.
that one.
We're talking of six years old.
When I read this, and then they even gave
the information in the news on the TV,
I went on that on the internet,
it just, I want to throw up.
I've never heard that part.
That is--
I want to throw up and that may become a law!
So, please don't take me there.
So, to get you going on that,
I can see we would go on for hours,
so let, we don't need to go there.
But where I want to go is the opposite.
We can see what the problems are.
Little girls wearing little provocative clothing,
going out and thinking that this package,
this gift wrap they're in, is who they are.
Now, let's talk about how we educate
the children properly to enter the world
so they're whole human beings, whole young women,
offering an entire holistic being.
Excellent, I come back to what I said earlier.
The education start at home,
at an early age.
Take them to that place of wholeness,
to that place of spirit, to the place of they are beautiful,
they are goddess, they are to respect their body.
They are to learn that from their parents,
so if their parents don't have the awareness, what do we do?
They all grown up with Barbies.
And trying to look like Barbies.
Naturally. That's what education's about
to girls, and to boys it's guns and
at a young age they're going hunting and (sighs).
So now, how do we bring
these boys and girls together, considering?
At the teen time, it's already too late.
We can create workshops for teenagers.
We can create retreats for teenagers,
to allow them to release all the anger that they
carry towards their parents most of the time.
It's already late.
And the hostility they're carrying
toward the other sex as well, both.
There's a lot of anger and hostility
that's going on through media generated.
That comes from that place where
when they go to school and they start,
I don't know the school system here,
what their names are, but they're like 11, 12?
The only mind pattern system is
attract boy to me and start smoking and wear
mini skirts to go to school, makeups, all this.
Making them grown like a woman much earlier than it is.
When these boy are not coming to them, they do get angry.
And what they do, I found out by studying
psychology and all the articles being written,
they manage, in the family, to get
somebody to be with them intimately.
And that can be a cousin, a nephew,
somebody in the house, in the family, an uncle.
And then they create a whole rape thing about it.
They create with their mind.
I have had some student who has never
been raped by member of the family,
but they are convinced they've been raped
and this is part of what you're saying.
Yes, it is. And then the anger
patterns have developed by then and then you
have a passive-aggressive relationship, at very best.
So, we, when we look at
the young men and women and they're ready
to enter into their sexual years,
and this is natural, you know?
Naturally.
12, 13, 14, 15, 16.
Not 12, but--
Some people, now. (chuckles)
Nine.
But, nine. Yes, of course nine. Yes.
We look at this and how do you guide
your children, regarding sexuality, to where
it's a healthy and it's a positive experience
the first time because I feel that the first time
for these people is critical for everybody.
It is critical, but it mostly,
most young girls or boys,
there's a whole game and competition
at school with that first relationship.
So, it's not healthy no matter what.
If any parent with their child, to be
in a healthy sexual relationship,
they have to be taught at an early age.
What does it mean? What is hormones?
What the hormones is about?
What is happening in their body?
This is to be taught, this is to be educated.
So they know that,
not to be surprised when all of this begins.
Correct, and not to be scared
and not to be frightened of what's happening
in their body, all these transformation in their body.
And I will even say a father has a big role
in that towards their daughters, big role.
How so? Explain.
What happens is that, for the daughter, the father
is the first attractive man in their life.
The father has to explain all these hormones,
and mother together.
There's a role that the father has
toward their daughter, which is going to help
to create a mature woman in the future.
Let's talk about what that conversation
would be like because often in the West,
the father's left out entirely.
The father talks to the son, maybe.
The mother, maybe, talks to the daughter.
And that's about as much as you get.
And usually it's a little pamphlet
or a little conversation on, "This is what's going on.
"We'll need to get you some little bras."
You know, these kinds of very, very basic
sorts of things, nothing that goes into the spirit.
Let's talk, let's emulate that kind of conversation
that a father and a mother would
have with a daughter or a son.
I remember when Elodie, my daughter, get to that place,
and I remember when I get to that place,
how my parents sat me and explain everything to me.
And my, I remember my parents even said,
"We are not responsible if you are pregnant."
That was very clear to me.
In our culture, we don't do that also.
But they made it very clear.
Meaning you're on your own?
Oh yes. They said, "We will not be
"responsible if you are pregnant."
And that is what can happen from now on.
That was when I got my period.
And then there was celebration.
In our culture, we celebrate that.
We become a goddess to the eyes of the world.
That's one thing.
And when Elodie came to that point,
I sat her and I spoke to her, her father spoke to her.
"This is now, if you go and have any
physical sexual relationsihp with somebody,
you may be pregnant. What is your choice?"
Meaning, give the child a responsiblity.
How will you feel if this happen?
You're going to school, what do you want really?
I will say matured conversation with your children.
And make them take responsibilities.
And then, beyond the maturity
of understanding the repercussions,
what about the emotional, mental preparation
for entering into something that's healthy?
I'll come back to that place.
When you start to speak to the child,
speak to the child also what's happening in their body.
The uncomfort, the heat, the,
don't even know what's going on.
It can be scary.
If a child has all these things
going on hormonally by itself.
So explain first the hormone situation.
What happen to the ovaries, what happens?
At all level, boys and girls.
Both go to the same process in the body.
The body's growing, so you have desire.
What to do with this desire?
And teach them about the mind.
You become what you think, so if they have
this high desire in self and they don't know
what to do with it, change the thoughts.
Project the thoughts in something else.
So for that, the parents has to know
what they give to their child.
So that it doesn't become an obsession.
Absolutely. Maybe sports, creativity,
painting, dancing, activities, outside activities,
outside door activities, there are so many things.
And let's say they've
matured a little bit more and now they're
well into their teens and they find a boy or girl
that they really really like and they really relate to.
I appreciate the word like, not love. Thank you.
Yes, like. (giggles)
And let's talk about how, if at all,
the parent begins assisting at this point now and what,
how to prepare a child, or a young person for this.
When we talk of relationship between
young adults, it's important to tell them,
"Please know that that may not be
"the relationship you live with for 25 years."
Make sure they know they are free to leave
a relationship if it's not harmonious
and it's not healthy for them.
They are not to live with a person forever.
That's very, very important.
How to be in a healthy relationship
is first to realize that there's not only two.
Like, we think, let's say we live together.
We are young teenagers, adults, and we,
we think there's only two but there are three.
There's you, there's me, and there's the relationship.
And whatever I put in the relationship,
this is what I'm going to get.
So, do I choose to be aware and be mature
in what I create in my relationship with you?
Explain that.
I think this should be done at school.
Explain about relationship.
How to create a healthy relationship.
How a relationship is not equal sex.
The thing is this country, everything refers is sex.
No matter what somebody does, it's about sex.
That's not the case.
Yes, and try telling the
advertising industry that in this country.
Since everything is oriented there.
And part of the reason I ask this
is my observation has been when you have
a person, say a young boy, who with his friends have,
in high school or even junior high, gotten a girl
drunk and then taken advantage of this girl
while she's virtually unconscious and not very aware.
I've read all this too.
Yes. This sets a totally different
relationship to the nature of sexuality
with another human being.
Of course, naturally, and then with that aggressivity.
And this has happened when I was doing my work
as a therapist again, this has happened in the same family.
When the nephews, the cousins, they come
and they take the girl, they go to play in the forest
and they get drunk,
drunk the girl and rape her.
And then, that becomes
a predilection for that person.
That is their behavior, that's the stamp
of the beginning of that behavior.
Unfortunately.
So we need to--
The wounds. So then we get to a place
where this teenager grow,
become an adult with the wounds.
It goes in the whole body, then it create cancer.
This is where disease come,
when the emotional body is sick.
Then, naturally, the, it takes some years or some months,
depending on the degree of the wounds.
Then the physical body get wounded.
So our taking very great care
from the point of conception forward
to bring true light and education to our children
has to be our number one charge,
other than our own upliftment.
Priority. And be aware when we say,
"Taking good care." What does that mean?
Does it mean you cocooned the child?
Does it mean you mother the child, you know?
Educate the child.
Educate, bring education, correct.
And it's not an easy job.
And now, we've come full-cycle
because they'll be prepared to bear a child.
So, I wanted to go through and I really
appreciate your elucidation on the subject
of how you do this cycle in a healthy manner.
And I will go further now.
When a person is ready, the body
has been created, call for the soul who's
ready to come for this energy.
Be of service to a soul.
As, you know, we do
choose our parents,
so it's important to invoke in your
meditation, in your time of awareness,
call for the soul who's ready to be in that place.
I dreamt of my son
for about 12 years before he finally came in.
And I'm sure you get along very well.
Oh, extraordinarily, yes.
But there was that communication happening
for years and years prior.
It was beautiful and yet, I wasn't aware
to call it forth myself at that time yet.
I didn't have the knowledge I have now, of course.
But, even so, we have to understand
that these relationships have been
created far long before we ever see
their little head pop into the world.
Yes, and respect this.
'Cause we do create a contract
with, in the other world before incarnation.
Yes. Is there anything else
other than that final comment, that you have to say
about the notion of bringing a person
into the world and educating them?
Make sure that each woman who is ready
to carry a child deal with her own wounds and pains.
Clear this pain, release these sufferings,
this resentment, this anger towards
the opposite sex, most of the time.
Release all of that, or else all this energy
will go to the embryo with the fear,
"I hope this doesn't happen to him or her."
So, release all of this and I'm ready to serve.
Yes, absolutely beautiful, thank you.
And blessings to all of you.
(light tranquil music)
For more on Sai Maa's work in the world,
please visit her website at humanityinunity.org.
If you've not already seen our previous
interviews with her, you will likely
enjoy them very much if you appreciated this one.
Until next time, thanks for watching CMN.
(light tranquil music)